custom-apps/eternal-jukebox/README.md, before:

# The Eternal Jukebox

For when your favorite song just isn't long enough.

![preview](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Pithaya/spicetify-apps/main/custom-apps/eternal-jukebox/preview.png)

A rewrite of the [Infinite / Eternal Jukebox](https://eternalbox.dev/jukebox_index.html) for Spicetify.  
It finds pathways through similar segments of the song and plays a never-ending and ever changing version of the song.

## Usage

A new "infinity" button allows you to enable and disable the jukebox. As long as the jukebox is enabled, the current song will play endlessly.

![button](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Pithaya/spicetify-apps/main/custom-apps/eternal-jukebox/docs/button.JPG)

Changing the current song will automatically play it through the jukebox.

![sidebar](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Pithaya/spicetify-apps/main/custom-apps/eternal-jukebox/docs/sidebar.JPG)

The custom app allows you to see a visualization of the jukebox's progress through the song.

Holding the `SHIFT` key allows you to keep repeating a part of the song by "jumping" through edges linking the same beats.

Commit message:

feat(eternal-jukebox): Add install details to readme

custom-apps/eternal-jukebox/README.md, after:

# The Eternal Jukebox

For when your favorite song just isn't long enough.

![preview](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Pithaya/spicetify-apps/main/custom-apps/eternal-jukebox/preview.png)

A rewrite of the [Infinite / Eternal Jukebox](https://eternalbox.dev/jukebox_index.html) for Spicetify.  
It finds pathways through similar segments of the song and plays a never-ending and ever changing version of the song.

## Installation

Copy the files from the [custom app's dist branch](https://github.com/Pithaya/spicetify-apps-dist/tree/dist/eternal-jukebox) to the Spicetify CustomApps folder, located in:
| **Platform** | **Path** |
|-----------------|----------------------------------------|
| **MacOs/Linux** | `~/.config/spicetify/CustomApps` |
| **Windows** | `%userprofile%/.spicetify/CustomApps/` |

Then, run the following commands:

```sh
spicetify config custom_apps eternal-jukebox
spicetify apply
```

## Usage

A new "infinity" button allows you to enable and disable the jukebox. As long as the jukebox is enabled, the current song will play endlessly.

![button](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Pithaya/spicetify-apps/main/custom-apps/eternal-jukebox/docs/button.JPG)

Changing the current song will automatically play it through the jukebox.

![sidebar](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/Pithaya/spicetify-apps/main/custom-apps/eternal-jukebox/docs/sidebar.JPG)

The custom app allows you to see a visualization of the jukebox's progress through the song.

Holding the `SHIFT` key allows you to keep repeating a part of the song by "jumping" through edges linking the same beats.
